Author metadata launch post (#89)
SwiftPackageIndex/SwiftPackageIndex-Blog: Content/posts/recognising-package-authors.md

<picture class="shadow">
  <source srcset="/images/author-metadata~dark.png" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
  <img src="/images/author-metadata~light.png" alt="The Swift Package Index site showing author metadata for the fastlane package.">
</picture>

By default, we try to determine who has contributed the most to a package and include their name(s). Then, if there are more contributors, we’ll say how many.

All this information comes from git history, and the automated mechanism and algorithm we have used may not get it right. With that in mind, we also allow package authors to override the display of author information through the `.spi.yml` file.

Adding a top-level `metadata` key with an `authors` key below it will override any automatic author information entirely. For example:

```yml
version: 1
metadata:
  authors: “Written by Person One, Person Two, and other contributors.”
```

> We want to thank everyone who contributes to open-source software, and we hope this feature helps authors get credit for their hard work.

Reviewer: Tiny nit:

```suggestion
We want to thank everyone who contributes to open-source software, and we hope this feature helps authors get credit for their efforts.
```

to avoid

tiny nit:

"... their hard work.

... Javier for his hard work and ..."
